the post-it there's a better place one
floor up today's a day I'm gonna get the
promotion does that mean this is my new
office
not yet I hosted dinner once a month we
can do Saturday it's not really a
girlfriend type thing you invite idiots
to dinner and make fun of them okay that
is messed up I don't know so you told
them you're not going oh yeah
no absolutely lucky you just suck it up
make fun of some idiot sometimes you
have to do the right thing you okay yeah
I saw this little guy in the street and
I was trying to save them for my
masterpieces amazing in the words of
John Lennon you may say I'm a dreamer
but I'm not the only one the only one
that's the lyric you may say I'm a
dreamer but I'm not the only one I don't
think so Tim are you doing that dinner
I'm sorry
I'll tell them dinners off oh I don't
have in the shining is it your back
how are tight I got in a fight with my
girlfriend I'd appreciate it if you just
left who's gonna help you with Julie you
can tell we were thinking
I've studied the human mind I've learned
how to read it and ultimately control it
oh I can't move
Oh buried move just move I can't you
can't I can't I really sure oh all right
then is about to start
there's been a complication you invited
him to that dinner to impress your boss
he's a sweet guy a tornado of
destruction are you sure you want to do
this that's what friends do I like to
introduce my friend Luis and his wife
Diana your wife for now dinner ever
sometimes I think you think I'm an idiot
just stay in the chair
[Music]
you